## Technical Report for Assignment 5

The ID Attribute, otherwise know as the Global Attribute, is a unique identifier given to an element. No two elements on the page will have the same ID. While the  Class Attribute groups similar elements together as a group so that they may be easier to identify. The Div Attribute helps structure a page which helps increase readability. And the Span Attribute identifies specific text or paragraph parts that should stand out to the reader.

When you decide to go with a third-party hosted media site it can not only save money but it can take a lot of the guess work out of having an online site. When using a third-party host you can upload high-quality videos without having to worry about increasing bandwidth, which will cost more money. Third-party sites will also take care of many other technical details so that you do not have to worry about things such as compatibility.

I began this week by going through all the modules and attempting to familiarize myself with the terminology and different codes. After that I began the assignment. I found a video and lyrics for a song but when it came time to ad the song I found that particular song was not available on Sound Cloud. For the next song I chose I made sure all three elements were there before changing everything in Atom. I also had trouble with the media arts poster and MP4, at first I think I was adding too little code and then too much, it took quite a bit of tinkering to get the image to show up and work correctly. 
